cadena3 the most open television that
you never know that one of the
key players for the good step that
is having the devils team
reds of toluca is sinha this man is
difficult granting an interview without
However, fortunately, he granted
for three string microphones
sports and we go with the next
report
the silk days never get old with 36
years and 27 tournaments in toluca antonio
Naelson Sinha is the architect in
midfield of the 'red devils' their
vision of game allows you to supply
an attack that looks like one of the
best of the championship and their effort has
been a fundamental part in the good tournament
that has the team of enrique meza
Until now
I try to lead by example with work
with words
because out there I think the leaders
do not give for what he says but for what
what does
I try to talk as little as possible and
work as much as you can
the Mexican national prefers to avoid
the compliments he gets thanks to his
performance and prefers to point out the effect
who had the return of enrique meza to
toluca as well as explaining the factors
they have the red team in the first
post of the table
the teacher has dealt with the
many additions I've been
working with him he knows what he likes
those of us here are some
we go down with him we have the idea very clear
we are trying to improve it and improve
carry out what he asks us
and has donated what one can contribute
then a staff has been formed
positive a campus that has accustomed
in the championship because many that
they had already come out champion in
other teams then I think that has
it was important the conjunction of all
of looking for the best for the team not
look for personal achievements because that is
give with a team do things well what
individual will always come out
he is one of the most veteran players
of the Toluca campus despite its
age rules out being a leader within the
playing field to him always
simply what motivates him is to play
to football
always done football is a motivation
I think you have to look for motivation in
nothing to enter a soccer field the
see your children also happy about
all wife because more motivation wants
many people you who
details that motivate you I think that
always made for football you have to
be a motivation the veteran player
recognizes that enrique meza is one of the
authors of the current success of the red team
and describes that the coach's key
Mexican is to keep the essence through
of the years
the teacher that I know him makes me
that follows remains the same as a person
obviously
in the way they work all that
gives the technology of
to see things more accurately
but if the essence they have or they do not have
the same since I met him is a
person who likes teamwork
which encourages everyday work
be a collective that everyone seeks
they always had the necessary care
what we mentioned a moment ago in
his career and that I have it very
present since I work
with information from omar flowers jump to
chain 3 sports find out about all the
sports information in chain 3
follow us on facebook as a chain
3 on twitter as a-rod to chain 3 well
low mx and subscribe to our channel
youtube chain 3 sport and enjoy
the videos that you are interested in
you want to see more we recommend you these
videos